OSVP1|VP1	Sdr4	Molecular cloning of Sdr4, a regulator involved in seed dormancy and domestication of rice	Sdr4 expression is positively regulated by OsVP1, a global regulator of seed maturation, and in turn positively regulates potential regulators of seed dormancy and represses the expression of postgerminative genes, suggesting that Sdr4 acts as an intermediate regulator of dormancy in the seed maturation program
Rc|qSD7-1|qPC7	Sdr4	Sdr4 dominates pre-harvest sprouting and facilitates adaptation to local climatic condition in Asia cultivated rice.	 Furthermore, like the semi-dwarf 1 (SD1) and Rc loci, Sdr4 underwent selection during the domestication and improvement of Asian cultivated rice
Rc|qSD7-1|qPC7	Sdr4	Sdr4 dominates pre-harvest sprouting and facilitates adaptation to local climatic condition in Asia cultivated rice.	 Finally, we developed functional molecular markers for Sdr4, SD1, and Rc for use in molecular breeding
Rc|qSD7-1|qPC7	Sdr4	Sdr4 dominates pre-harvest sprouting and facilitates adaptation to local climatic condition in Asia cultivated rice.	 Moreover, these findings provide guidance for utilizing the favorable alleles of Sdr4 and Rc to synergistically boost PHS resistance, yield, and quality in modern rice varieties
sd1|GA20ox2|OsGA20ox2	Sdr4	Sdr4 dominates pre-harvest sprouting and facilitates adaptation to local climatic condition in Asia cultivated rice.	 Furthermore, like the semi-dwarf 1 (SD1) and Rc loci, Sdr4 underwent selection during the domestication and improvement of Asian cultivated rice
sd1|GA20ox2|OsGA20ox2	Sdr4	Sdr4 dominates pre-harvest sprouting and facilitates adaptation to local climatic condition in Asia cultivated rice.	 Finally, we developed functional molecular markers for Sdr4, SD1, and Rc for use in molecular breeding
OSVP1|VP1	Sdr4	Transcriptome analysis of knockout mutants of rice seed dormancy gene OsVP1 and Sdr4.	Transcriptome analysis of knockout mutants of rice seed dormancy gene OsVP1 and Sdr4.
OSVP1|VP1	Sdr4	Transcriptome analysis of knockout mutants of rice seed dormancy gene OsVP1 and Sdr4.	OsVP1 and Sdr4 play an important role in regulating seed dormancy that involved in multiple metabolism and regulatory pathways
OSVP1|VP1	Sdr4	Transcriptome analysis of knockout mutants of rice seed dormancy gene OsVP1 and Sdr4.	 In this study, we generated mutants of two representative regulators of seed germination, Oryza sativa Viviparous1 (OsVP1) and Seed dormancy 4 (Sdr4), by CRISPR/Cas9 approach and named them cr-osvp1 and cr-sdr4
OSVP1|VP1	Sdr4	Transcriptome analysis of knockout mutants of rice seed dormancy gene OsVP1 and Sdr4.	 The weakened dormancy of mutants indicated that the functions of OsVP1 and Sdr4 are required for normal early seed dormancy
OSVP1|VP1	Sdr4	Transcriptome analysis of knockout mutants of rice seed dormancy gene OsVP1 and Sdr4.	 These results suggest that OsVP1 and Sdr4 play an important role in regulating seed dormancy by multiple metabolism and regulatory pathways
