LTN1|OsPHO2|OsRLS1	OsNLA1	OsNLA1, a RING-type ubiquitin ligase, maintains phosphate homeostasis in Oryza sativa via degradation of phosphate transporters.	Moreover, there was no interaction of OsNLA1 and OsPHO2, an E2 ubiquitin-conjugase, suggesting that OsPHO2 was not the partner of OsNLA1 involved in ubiquitin-mediated PT degradation
OsNLA1	OsPHR2	OsNLA1, a RING-type ubiquitin ligase, maintains phosphate homeostasis in Oryza sativa via degradation of phosphate transporters.	In contrast to what has been observed in Arabidopsis, the transcript abundance of OsNLA1 did not decrease under Pi limited conditions or in OsmiR827 (microRNA827)- or OsPHR2 (PHOSPHATE STARVATION RESPONSE 2)-overexpressing transgenic lines
OsNLA1	OsPht1;2|OsPT2	OsNLA1, a RING-type ubiquitin ligase, maintains phosphate homeostasis in Oryza sativa via degradation of phosphate transporters.	In this study, we found that the Oryza sativa (rice) ortholog of Arabidopsis thaliana Nitrogen Limitation Adaptation (NLA), OsNLA1 protein, a RING-type E3 ubiquitin-ligase, was predominantly localized in the plasma membrane, and could interact with rice phosphate transporters OsPT2 and OsPT8
OsNLA1	OsPht1;2|OsPT2	OsNLA1, a RING-type ubiquitin ligase, maintains phosphate homeostasis in Oryza sativa via degradation of phosphate transporters.	Our results show that OsNLA1 is involved in maintaining phosphate homeostasis in rice by mediating the degradation of OsPT2 and OsPT8, and OsNLA1 differs from the ortholog in Arabidopsis in several aspects
OsNLA1	OsPht1;8|OsPT8	OsNLA1, a RING-type ubiquitin ligase, maintains phosphate homeostasis in Oryza sativa via degradation of phosphate transporters.	In this study, we found that the Oryza sativa (rice) ortholog of Arabidopsis thaliana Nitrogen Limitation Adaptation (NLA), OsNLA1 protein, a RING-type E3 ubiquitin-ligase, was predominantly localized in the plasma membrane, and could interact with rice phosphate transporters OsPT2 and OsPT8
OsNLA1	OsPht1;8|OsPT8	OsNLA1, a RING-type ubiquitin ligase, maintains phosphate homeostasis in Oryza sativa via degradation of phosphate transporters.	Our results show that OsNLA1 is involved in maintaining phosphate homeostasis in rice by mediating the degradation of OsPT2 and OsPT8, and OsNLA1 differs from the ortholog in Arabidopsis in several aspects
LTN1|OsPHO2|OsRLS1	OsNLA1	Altered Expression of OsNLA1 Modulates Pi Accumulation in Rice (Oryza sativa L.) Plants.	 Moreover, OsNLA1 was also found to interact with OsPHO2, a known regulator of Pi homeostasis, in a Yeast Two-Hybrid (Y2H) assay
OsNLA1	OsNLA2	Characterization of the rice NLA family reveals a key role for OsNLA1 in phosphate homeostasis.	) were identified by bioinformatics and phylogenetic analysis and designated OsNLA1 and OsNLA2
OsNLA1	OsNLA2	Characterization of the rice NLA family reveals a key role for OsNLA1 in phosphate homeostasis.	 The OsNLA1 clustered with Arabidopsis AtNLA1, was expressed higher than OsNLA2 and was transcriptionally repressed under Pi-deficient condition
