MYBS3|OsMYBS3	OsMKK1	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 By comparing the transcription factors levels between WT and osmkk1 mutant, OsMKK1 was necessary for salt-induced increase in OsDREB2B and OsMYBS3
OsDREB2B	OsMKK1	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 By comparing the transcription factors levels between WT and osmkk1 mutant, OsMKK1 was necessary for salt-induced increase in OsDREB2B and OsMYBS3
OsMKK1	OsMPK6|OsMPK4	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 Yeast two-hybrid and in vitro and in vivo kinase assays revealed that OsMKK1 targeted OsMPK4
OsMKK1	OsMPK6|OsMPK4	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 OsMPK4 activity was increased by salt, which was impaired in osmkk1 plants
OsMKK1	OsMPK6|OsMPK4	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 In contrast, overexpression of OsMKK1 increased OsMPK4 activity in protoplasts
OsMKK1	OsMPK6|OsMPK4	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 Taken together, the data suggest that OsMKK1 and OsMPK4 constitute a signaling pathway that regulates salt stress tolerance in rice
OsMKK1	SALT	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 In this study, we found that the transcript of a rice (Oryza sativa) MAPKK (OsMKK1) was markedly increased by salt stress
OsMKK1	SALT	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 By examining the survival rate and Na(+) content in shoot, we found that OsMKK1-knockout (osmkk1) mutant was more sensitive to salt stress than the wild type
OsMKK1	SALT	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 OsMKK1 activity in the wild-type seedlings and protoplasts was increased by salt stress
OsMKK1	SALT	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 OsMPK4 activity was increased by salt, which was impaired in osmkk1 plants
OsMKK1	SALT	The mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade MKK1-MPK4 mediates salt signaling in rice.	 Taken together, the data suggest that OsMKK1 and OsMPK4 constitute a signaling pathway that regulates salt stress tolerance in rice
