OsACO1	OsEIN2	ACO1, a gene for aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate oxidase: effects on internode elongation at the heading stage in rice	Interestingly, expression of the ACC synthase gene ACS1 and ethylene signalling gene OsEIN2 was up-regulated in the aco1 mutants
OsACO1	OsEIN2	ACO1, a gene for aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate oxidase: effects on internode elongation at the heading stage in rice	This study suggests that the ACO1 has a little effect on internode elongation at the heading stage, and that up-regulation of the ACS1 and OsEIN2 expression may attenuate inhibition of internode elongation
OsACS1|OsASC1	OsEIN2	ACO1, a gene for aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate oxidase: effects on internode elongation at the heading stage in rice	Interestingly, expression of the ACC synthase gene ACS1 and ethylene signalling gene OsEIN2 was up-regulated in the aco1 mutants
OsACS1|OsASC1	OsEIN2	ACO1, a gene for aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate oxidase: effects on internode elongation at the heading stage in rice	This study suggests that the ACO1 has a little effect on internode elongation at the heading stage, and that up-regulation of the ACS1 and OsEIN2 expression may attenuate inhibition of internode elongation
MHZ4	OsEIN2	Ethylene-Induced Inhibition of Root Growth Requires Abscisic Acid Function in Rice (Oryza sativa L.) Seedlings	In coleoptile, MHZ4-dependent ABA pathway acts at or upstream of OsEIN2 to negatively regulate coleoptile ethylene response, possibly by affecting OsEIN2 expression.
OsEIL1|MHZ6	OsEIN2	Activation of ethylene signaling pathways enhances disease resistance by regulating ROS and phytoalexin production in rice.	Ethylene signaling components OsEIN2 and the downstream transcription factor OsEIL1 positively regulated disease resistance
MHZ3	OsEIN2	Membrane protein MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 in rice by interacting with its Nramp-like domain.	Membrane protein MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 in rice by interacting with its Nramp-like domain.
MHZ3	OsEIN2	Membrane protein MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 in rice by interacting with its Nramp-like domain.	 MHZ3 physically interacts with OsEIN2, and both the N- and C-termini of MHZ3 specifically associate with the OsEIN2 Nramp-like domain
MHZ3	OsEIN2	Membrane protein MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 in rice by interacting with its Nramp-like domain.	 Loss ofmhz3function reduces OsEIN2 abundance and attenuates ethylene-induced OsEIN2 accumulation, whereasMHZ3overexpression elevates the abundance of both wild-type and mutated OsEIN2 proteins, suggesting that MHZ3 is required for proper accumulation of OsEIN2 protein
MHZ3	OsEIN2	Membrane protein MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 in rice by interacting with its Nramp-like domain.	 The association of MHZ3 with the Nramp-like domain is crucial for OsEIN2 accumulation, demonstrating the significance of the OsEIN2 transmembrane domains in ethylene signaling
MHZ3	OsEIN2	Membrane protein MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 in rice by interacting with its Nramp-like domain.	 Moreover, MHZ3 negatively modulates OsEIN2 ubiquitination, protecting OsEIN2 from proteasome-mediated degradation
MHZ3	OsEIN2	Membrane protein MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 in rice by interacting with its Nramp-like domain.	 Together, these results suggest that ethylene-induced MHZ3 stabilizes OsEIN2 likely by binding to its Nramp-like domain and impeding protein ubiquitination to facilitate ethylene signal transduction
OsACS1|OsASC1	OsEIN2	Priming effect of root-applied silicon on the enhancement of induced resistance to the root-knot nematode Meloidogyne graminicola in rice.	 Increased resistance in rice was correlated with higher transcript levels of defense-related genes (OsERF1, OsEIN2 and OsACS1) in the ethylene (ET) pathway
MHZ1|OsHK1|HK1	OsEIN2	Histidine kinase MHZ1/OsHK1 interacts with ethylene receptors to regulate root growth in rice.	Genetic analyses suggest that MHZ1/OsHK1 acts at the level of ethylene perception and works together with the OsEIN2-mediated pathway to regulate root growth.
MHZ11	OsEIN2	The GDSL Lipase MHZ11 Modulates Ethylene Signaling in Rice Roots.	 Genetically, MHZ11 acts at the ethylene receptor OsERS2 upstream of OsCTR2 and OsEIN2
OsAHL1|AHL1	OsEIN2	MoIug4 is a novel secreted effector promoting rice blast by counteracting host OsAHL1-regulated ethylene gene transcription.	 OsAHL1 exhibits transcriptional regulatory activities by binding the OsEIN2 promoter region, similar to MoIug4
OsAHL1|AHL1	OsEIN2	MoIug4 is a novel secreted effector promoting rice blast by counteracting host OsAHL1-regulated ethylene gene transcription.	 Intriguingly, we found that MoIug4 exhibits a higher binding affinity than OsAHL1 to the OsEIN2 promoter, suggesting differential regulatory specificities
OsEIL1|MHZ6	OsEIN2	Dual impact of ambient humidity on the virulence of Magnaporthe oryzae and basal resistance in rice.	 Knock out of ethylene signaling genes OsEIL1 and OsEIN2 or exogenous application of 1-methylcyclopropene (ethylene inhibitor) and ethephon (ethylene analogues) eliminated the difference of blast resistance between the 70% and 90% relative humidity conditions, suggesting that the activation of ethylene signaling contributes to humidity-modulated basal resistance against M
