Ehd1	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 The transcriptions of the heading activators Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1 were decreased and the heading repressor Hd1 was increased in the osmos1 mutant
Ehd1	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 Conversely, the overexpression of OsMOS1 promoted the expressions of Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1, but inhibited the expression of Hd1
Ehd1	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 This suggests that OsMOS1 may control heading in rice by modulating the transcriptions of Ehd1, Hd3a, RFT1, and Hd1
Hd1	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 The transcriptions of the heading activators Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1 were decreased and the heading repressor Hd1 was increased in the osmos1 mutant
Hd1	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 Conversely, the overexpression of OsMOS1 promoted the expressions of Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1, but inhibited the expression of Hd1
Hd1	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 This suggests that OsMOS1 may control heading in rice by modulating the transcriptions of Ehd1, Hd3a, RFT1, and Hd1
Hd3a	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 The transcriptions of the heading activators Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1 were decreased and the heading repressor Hd1 was increased in the osmos1 mutant
Hd3a	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 Conversely, the overexpression of OsMOS1 promoted the expressions of Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1, but inhibited the expression of Hd1
Hd3a	OsMOS1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 This suggests that OsMOS1 may control heading in rice by modulating the transcriptions of Ehd1, Hd3a, RFT1, and Hd1
OsMOS1	RFT1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 The transcriptions of the heading activators Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1 were decreased and the heading repressor Hd1 was increased in the osmos1 mutant
OsMOS1	RFT1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 Conversely, the overexpression of OsMOS1 promoted the expressions of Ehd1, Hd3a, and RFT1, but inhibited the expression of Hd1
OsMOS1	RFT1	Functional Conservation and Divergence of MOS1 That Controls Flowering Time and Seed Size in Rice and Arabidopsis.	 This suggests that OsMOS1 may control heading in rice by modulating the transcriptions of Ehd1, Hd3a, RFT1, and Hd1
