OsFD1	SaM	Antagonistic Transcription Factor Complexes Modulate the Floral Transition in Rice.	 In the SAM, they form a transcriptional activation complex with the bZIP transcription factor OsFD1, to start panicle development
OsFD1	OsFTL10	Overexpression of OsFTL10 induces early flowering and improves drought tolerance in Oryza sativa L.	 Furthermore, yeast two hybrid (Y2H) and bimolecular fluorescence complementation (BiFC) results show that OsFTL10 could interact with multiple 14-3-3s, suggesting that OsFTL10 might function in a similar way to Hd3a in promoting rice flowering by forming a FAC complex with 14-3-3, and OsFD1
Hd3a	OsFD1	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.
Hd3a	OsFD1	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	In rice, Hd3a, GF14 and OsFD1 proteins, forming florigen activation complex, are key components in flowering time regulation
Hd3a	OsFD1	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	 However, whether Hd3a and OsFD1 play roles in defense is unclear
Hd3a	OsFD1	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	 In present study, we identified that Hd3a and OsFD1 expression is repressed by Xoo and JA, and validated that Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv
Hd3a	OsFD1	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	 hd3a and osfd1 mutants increase resistance to Xoo and Xoc, and activate JA responsive genes expression
Hd3a	OsFD1	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	 Our data also demonstrate that OsFD1 binds to the promoters of and activates the expression of JAZ genes; Hd3a, cooperating with GF14e, promotes OsFD1 action on JAZ gene expression
Hd3a	OsFD1	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	 The functional confirmation of Hd3a and OsFD1 in rice defense makes them to be promising targets in molecular rice breeding
OsFD1	OsGF14e|GF14e|GID2	Hd3a and OsFD1 negatively regulate rice resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola.	 Our data also demonstrate that OsFD1 binds to the promoters of and activates the expression of JAZ genes; Hd3a, cooperating with GF14e, promotes OsFD1 action on JAZ gene expression
OsFD1	RFT1	Overexpression of RICE FLOWERING LOCUS T 1 (RFT1) Induces Extremely Early Flowering in Rice.	 We found it interesting that expression of OsFD1 as well as OsFD2 and OsFD3 was strongly increased in the RFT1 -expressing calli and spikelets
Fd	OsFD1	Primary Leaf-type Ferredoxin1 Participates in Photosynthetic Electron Transport and Carbon Assimilation in Rice 	 Together, these results suggest that OsFd1 is the primary Fd in photosynthetic electron transport and carbon assimilation in rice
