OsHMA2|OsHMA2v	qCdT7|OsHMA3	Effective reduction of cadmium accumulation in rice grain by expressing OsHMA3 under the control of OsHMA2 promoter.	Effective reduction of cadmium accumulation in rice grain by expressing OsHMA3 under the control of OsHMA2 promoter.
OsHMA2|OsHMA2v	qCdT7|OsHMA3	Effective reduction of cadmium accumulation in rice grain by expressing OsHMA3 under the control of OsHMA2 promoter.	 The aim of this study is to manipulate both expression and tissue localization of OsHMA3, a tonoplast-localized Cd transporter in the roots by expressing it under the control of OsHMA2 promoter, which shows high expression in different organs including roots, nodes and shoots
OsHMA2|OsHMA2v	qCdT7|OsHMA3	Effective reduction of cadmium accumulation in rice grain by expressing OsHMA3 under the control of OsHMA2 promoter.	 These results indicate that expression of OsHMA3 under the control of OsHMA2 promoter can effectively reduce Cd accumulation in rice grain through sequestering more Cd into the vacuoles of various tissues
OsZIP4	qCdT7|OsHMA3	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 Higher expression levels of OsZIP4, OsZIP5, OsZIP8 and OsZIP10 were found in the roots of accessions with functional OsHMA3 than those of accessions with non-functional OsHMA3 in response to Zn-deficiency
OsZIP5	qCdT7|OsHMA3	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 Higher expression levels of OsZIP4, OsZIP5, OsZIP8 and OsZIP10 were found in the roots of accessions with functional OsHMA3 than those of accessions with non-functional OsHMA3 in response to Zn-deficiency
OsZIP8	qCdT7|OsHMA3	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 Higher expression levels of OsZIP4, OsZIP5, OsZIP8 and OsZIP10 were found in the roots of accessions with functional OsHMA3 than those of accessions with non-functional OsHMA3 in response to Zn-deficiency
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 Here, we found that OsHMA3, a tonoplast-localized transporter for Zn/Cd plays an important role in Zn homeostasis in rice
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 By comparing rice accessions with functional allele of OsHMA3 with accessions with loss of function allele of OsHMA3, we found that accessions with functional OsHMA3 showed higher tolerance to high Zn than those with non-functional OsHMA3 based on root elongation test
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 A 67Zn-labeling experiment showed that accessions with loss of function of OsHMA3 had lower Zn accumulation in the roots although similar Zn concentration was found in the shoots compared with accessions with functional OsHMA3
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 When exposed to Zn-free solution, the Zn concentration in the root cell sap was rapidly decreased in the accessions with functional OsHMA3, but less changed in the accessions with non-functional OsHMA3
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 A mobility experiment showed that more Zn in the roots was translocated to the shoots in the accessions with functional OsHMA3 compared with the accessions with non-functional OsHMA3
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 Taking together, our results indicate that OsHMA3 plays an important role in both Zn detoxification and storage by sequestering Zn into the vacuoles in rice roots, depending on Zn concentrations in the environment
