OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	OsZIP8	Cloning and functional identification of two members of the ZIP (Zrt, Irt-like protein) gene family in rice (Oryza sativa L.)	) by RT-PCR approach, and named as OsZIP7a and OsZIP8 respectively
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	OsZIP8	Cloning and functional identification of two members of the ZIP (Zrt, Irt-like protein) gene family in rice (Oryza sativa L.)	The predicted proteins of OsZIP7a and OsZIP8 consist of 384 and 390 amino acid residues respectively, and display high similarity to other plant ZIP proteins
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	OsZIP8	Cloning and functional identification of two members of the ZIP (Zrt, Irt-like protein) gene family in rice (Oryza sativa L.)	By semi-quantitative RT-PCR approach, it was found that the expression of OsZIP7a was significantly induced in rice roots by iron-deficiency, while that of OsZIP8 induced in both rice roots and shoots by zinc-deficiency
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	OsZIP8	Cloning and functional identification of two members of the ZIP (Zrt, Irt-like protein) gene family in rice (Oryza sativa L.)	When expressed in yeast cells, OsZIP7a and OsZIP8 could complement an iron-uptake-deficient yeast mutant and a zinc-uptake-deficient yeast mutant respectively
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	OsZIP8	Cloning and functional identification of two members of the ZIP (Zrt, Irt-like protein) gene family in rice (Oryza sativa L.)	It suggested that the OsZIP7a and OsZIP8 might encode an iron and a zinc transporter protein in rice respectively
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	 OsZIP7 expression in Arabidopsis resulted in a 25% increase in shoot Zn concentrations compared to non-transformed plants
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	 We further characterized OsZIP7 and showed that it is localized to the plasma membrane and is able to complement Zn transport defective (but not Fe defective) yeast mutants
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	 Our results indicate that OsZIP7 is a good candidate for developing Zn biofortified rice
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	OsZIP7 functions in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to deliver Zn/Cd to grain in rice.	 In this study, we functionally characterised in planta the rice (Oryza sativa) transporter OsZIP7, which encodes a plasma membrane-localised protein with influx transport activity for both Zn and Cd
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	OsZIP7 functions in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to deliver Zn/Cd to grain in rice.	 OsZIP7 knockout resulted in retention of Zn and Cd in roots and basal nodes, which hindered their upward delivery to upper nodes and brown rice
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	OsZIP7 functions in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to deliver Zn/Cd to grain in rice.	 Thus, OsZIP7 plays an integral role in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to preferentially deliver Zn and Cd to developing tissues and rice grains
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 Here we describe a Tos17 loss-of-function line for the Zn plasma membrane transporter OsZIP7 (oszip7)
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 We showed that the absence of functional OsZIP7 leads to deregulated Zn partitioning, increasing Zn accumulation in roots but decreasing in shoots and seeds
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 We also demonstrated that, upon Zn deficiency, oszip7 plants slightly increase their photosynthetic performance, suggesting that these plants might be primed for Zn deficiency which makes them more tolerant
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 On the other hand, we found that Zn excess is more deleterious to oszip7 plants compared to wild type, which may be linked to secondary effects in concentrations of other elements such as Fe
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 Our data suggest that OsZIP7 is important for Zn homeostasis under physiological Zn concentrations, and that Fe homeostasis might be affected due to loss of function of OsZIP7
