Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	 A cluster of resistant (R) genes on rice chromosome 12 including Pita, Pita2 and Ptr has been studies for decades
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	In this study, we compared the resistance spectra controlled by Pita2 and Pita by testing their monogenic lines (MLs) in four hotspots found in the Philippines and Burundi from 2014 to 2018
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	 Pathogenicity tests using 328 single-spore isolates in greenhouse further verified that IRBLta2-Re for Pita2 conferred a relatively broader spectrum resistance than those of Pita
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	 Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita, which is exactly identical to the previously cloned Ptr
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	 Moreover, based on the resistance gene analysis of rice varieties and mutants containing Pita, it was found that Pita2 rather than Pita was responsible for the specificity to some differential isolates with AvrPita
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	Our study clarified the relationship between Pita, Pita2 and Ptr
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	 Pita2 is identical to Ptr and distinct from Pita in both sequence and chromosomal location although Pita2 and Pita are genetically linked to each other
Pita|Pi-4a	Pita2	The broad-spectrum rice blast resistance (R) gene Pita2 encodes a novel R protein unique from Pita.	 The loss of function of Pita2 but not Pita eliminate the specificity to some AvrPita containing isolates, however, the mechanism underlying the recognition between Pita2/Pita and AvrPita remains elusive
