OsJAZ1|OsTIFY3|EG2	OsMYC2	Jasmonic acid regulates spikelet development in rice	OsJAZ1 also interacts with OsMYC2, a transcription factor in the JA signalling pathway, and represses OsMYC2's role in activating OsMADS1, an E-class gene crucial to the spikelet development.
OsLG3b|OsMADS1|LHS1|AFO	OsMYC2	Jasmonic acid regulates spikelet development in rice	OsJAZ1 also interacts with OsMYC2, a transcription factor in the JA signalling pathway, and represses OsMYC2's role in activating OsMADS1, an E-class gene crucial to the spikelet development.
OsJAZ8|OsTIFY10c	OsMYC2	Overexpression of OsMYC2 Results in the Up-Regulation of Early JA-Rresponsive Genes and Bacterial Blight Resistance in Rice.	The up-regulation of OsMYC2 in response to JA was regulated by OsJAZ8
OsJAZ10	OsMYC2	Overexpression of OsMYC2 Results in the Up-Regulation of Early JA-Rresponsive Genes and Bacterial Blight Resistance in Rice.	A large-scale microarray analysis revealed that OsMYC2 up-regulated OsJAZ10 as well as many other defense-related genes
OsJAZ10	OsMYC2	Overexpression of OsMYC2 Results in the Up-Regulation of Early JA-Rresponsive Genes and Bacterial Blight Resistance in Rice.	OsMYC2 selectively bound to the G-box-like motif of the OsJAZ10 promoter in vivo and regulated the expression of early JA-responsive genes, but not of late JA-responsive genes
OsMYC2	OsMYL2	OsMYC2, an essential factor for JA-inductive sakuranetin production in rice, interacts with MYC2-like proteins that enhance its transactivation ability.	In addition, we identified 2 collaborators of OsMYC2, OsMYC2-like protein 1 and 2 (OsMYL1 and OsMYL2) that further activated the OsNOMT promoter in synergy with OsMYC2
OsMYC2	OsMYL2	OsMYC2, an essential factor for JA-inductive sakuranetin production in rice, interacts with MYC2-like proteins that enhance its transactivation ability.	Physical interaction of OsMYC2 with OsMYL1 and OsMYL2 further supported the idea that these interactions lead to the enhancement of the transactivation activity of OsMYC2
OsMYC2	OsMYL2	OsMYC2, an essential factor for JA-inductive sakuranetin production in rice, interacts with MYC2-like proteins that enhance its transactivation ability.	Our results indicate that JA signalling via OsMYC2 is reinforced by OsMYL1 and OsMYL2, resulting in the inductive production of sakuranetin during defence responses in rice
OsMYC2	OsNOMT	OsMYC2, an essential factor for JA-inductive sakuranetin production in rice, interacts with MYC2-like proteins that enhance its transactivation ability.	In this study, we show that JA-inducible basic helix-loop-helix transcriptional factor OsMYC2 drastically enhances the activity of the OsNOMT promoter and is essential for JA-inducible sakuranetin production
OsMYC2	OsNOMT	OsMYC2, an essential factor for JA-inductive sakuranetin production in rice, interacts with MYC2-like proteins that enhance its transactivation ability.	In addition, we identified 2 collaborators of OsMYC2, OsMYC2-like protein 1 and 2 (OsMYL1 and OsMYL2) that further activated the OsNOMT promoter in synergy with OsMYC2
OsMYC2	OsNINJA1	Overexpression of OsNINJA1 negatively affects a part of OsMYC2-mediated abiotic and biotic responses in rice.	 In this study, we found that OsNINJA1, which is a JAZ-interacting adaptor protein, plays an important role in JA signaling that is positively regulated by the transcription factor OsMYC2 in rice
