OsMTP11	ZN	Identification of a rice metal tolerance protein OsMTP11 as a manganese transporter.	 Real time RT-PCR analysis demonstrated OsMTP11 expression was substantially enhanced following 4 h under Cd, Zn, Ni, and Mn treatments, suggesting possible roles of OsMTP11 involvement in heavy metal stress responses
OsMTP11	ZN	Identification of a rice metal tolerance protein OsMTP11 as a manganese transporter.	 DNA methylation assays of genomic DNA in rice treated with Cd, Zn, Ni, and Mn revealed that decreased DNA methylation levels were present in the OsMTP11 promoter region, which was consistent with OsMTP11 induced-expression patterns resulting from heavy metal stress
OsMTP11	ZN	OsMTP11 is localised at the Golgi and contributes to Mn tolerance.	 OsMTP11 partially rescues the Mn-hypersensitivity of the pmr1 yeast mutant but only slightly alleviates the Zn sensitivity of the zrc1 cot1 yeast mutant
OsMTP11	ZN	OsMTP11 is localised at the Golgi and contributes to Mn tolerance.	 Overall, these results suggest that OsMTP11 predominantly functions as a Mn-transporting CDF with lower affinity for Zn
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	 OsZIP7 expression in Arabidopsis resulted in a 25% increase in shoot Zn concentrations compared to non-transformed plants
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	 We further characterized OsZIP7 and showed that it is localized to the plasma membrane and is able to complement Zn transport defective (but not Fe defective) yeast mutants
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Elemental Profiling of Rice FOX Lines Leads to Characterization of a New Zn Plasma Membrane Transporter, OsZIP7.	 Our results indicate that OsZIP7 is a good candidate for developing Zn biofortified rice
OsHMA7	ZN	Down regulation of a heavy metal transporter gene influences several domestication traits and grain Fe-Zn content in rice.	 We identified two alleles 261 and 284 of a Gramineae-specific heavy metal transporter gene OsHMA7 by analyzing expression patterns and sequences of genes within QTLs for high Fe &amp; Zn, in Madhukar x Swarna recombinant inbred lines (RILs) with high (HL) or low (LL) grain Fe &amp; Zn
OsHMA7	ZN	Down regulation of a heavy metal transporter gene influences several domestication traits and grain Fe-Zn content in rice.	 Knocking down expression of OsHMA7 by RNAi silencing of endogenous gene resulted in plants with altered domestication traits such as plant height, tiller number, panicle size and architecture, grain color, shape, size, grain shattering, heading date and increased sensitivity to Fe and Zn deficiency
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 Here, we found that OsHMA3, a tonoplast-localized transporter for Zn/Cd plays an important role in Zn homeostasis in rice
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 By comparing rice accessions with functional allele of OsHMA3 with accessions with loss of function allele of OsHMA3, we found that accessions with functional OsHMA3 showed higher tolerance to high Zn than those with non-functional OsHMA3 based on root elongation test
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 A 67Zn-labeling experiment showed that accessions with loss of function of OsHMA3 had lower Zn accumulation in the roots although similar Zn concentration was found in the shoots compared with accessions with functional OsHMA3
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 When exposed to Zn-free solution, the Zn concentration in the root cell sap was rapidly decreased in the accessions with functional OsHMA3, but less changed in the accessions with non-functional OsHMA3
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 A mobility experiment showed that more Zn in the roots was translocated to the shoots in the accessions with functional OsHMA3 compared with the accessions with non-functional OsHMA3
qCdT7|OsHMA3	ZN	A tonoplast-localized OsHMA3 plays an important role in maintaining Zn homeostasis in rice.	 Taking together, our results indicate that OsHMA3 plays an important role in both Zn detoxification and storage by sequestering Zn into the vacuoles in rice roots, depending on Zn concentrations in the environment
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	OsZIP7 functions in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to deliver Zn/Cd to grain in rice.	 In this study, we functionally characterised in planta the rice (Oryza sativa) transporter OsZIP7, which encodes a plasma membrane-localised protein with influx transport activity for both Zn and Cd
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	OsZIP7 functions in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to deliver Zn/Cd to grain in rice.	 OsZIP7 knockout resulted in retention of Zn and Cd in roots and basal nodes, which hindered their upward delivery to upper nodes and brown rice
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	OsZIP7 functions in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to deliver Zn/Cd to grain in rice.	 Thus, OsZIP7 plays an integral role in xylem loading in roots and inter-vascular transfer in nodes to preferentially deliver Zn and Cd to developing tissues and rice grains
OsZIP1	ZN	OsZIP1 functions as a metal efflux transporter limiting excess zinc, copper and cadmium accumulation in rice.	In this report, we provided evidence that OsZIP1 is a metal-detoxified transporter through preventing excess Zn, Cu and Cd accumulation in rice
OsZIP1	ZN	OsZIP1 functions as a metal efflux transporter limiting excess zinc, copper and cadmium accumulation in rice.	 OsZIP1 is abundantly expressed in roots throughout the life span and sufficiently induced by excess Zn, Cu and Cd but not by Mn and Fe at transcriptional and translational levels
OsZIP1	ZN	OsZIP1 functions as a metal efflux transporter limiting excess zinc, copper and cadmium accumulation in rice.	 The yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) complementation test shows that expression of OsZIP1 reduced Zn accumulation
OsZIP1	ZN	OsZIP1 functions as a metal efflux transporter limiting excess zinc, copper and cadmium accumulation in rice.	 These results suggest OsZIP1 is able to function as a metal exporter in rice when Zn, Cu and Cd are excess in environment
OsZIP1	ZN	OsZIP1 functions as a metal efflux transporter limiting excess zinc, copper and cadmium accumulation in rice.	OsZIP1 is a transporter that is required for detoxification of excess Zn, Cu and Cd in rice
OsLCT1	ZN	Co-expression of multiple heavy metal transporters changes the translocation, accumulation, and potential oxidative stress of Cd and Zn in rice (Oryza sativa).	The OsHMA2, OsLCT1 and OsZIP3 transporters were all involved in zinc (Zn) and cadmium (Cd) transport
Ospdr9|OsABCG36	ZN	The ABC transporter OsABCG36 is required for Cd tolerance in rice.	 Knockout of OsABCG36 resulted in increased Cd accumulation in root cell sap, and enhanced Cd sensitivity, but did not affect the tolerance to other metals including Al, Zn, Cu, and Pb
Ospdr9|OsABCG36	ZN	The ABC transporter OsABCG36 is required for Cd tolerance in rice.	 Heterologous expression of OsABCG36 in yeast showed an efflux activity for Cd, but not for Zn
OsVMT|OsZIFL12	ZN	A vacuolar phytosiderophore transporter alters iron and zinc accumulation in polished rice grains.	 OsVMT is highly expressed in the parenchyma cell bridges of node I where Fe and Zn are highly deposited
OsVMT|OsZIFL12	ZN	A vacuolar phytosiderophore transporter alters iron and zinc accumulation in polished rice grains.	 Taken together, our results indicate that OsVMT is involved in sequestering DMA into the vacuoles and that knockout of this gene enhances accumulation of Fe and Zn in polished rice grains through DMA-increased solubilization of Fe and Zn deposited in the node
OsCASP1	ZN	OsCASP1 is required for Casparian strip formation at endodermal cells of rice roots for selective uptake of mineral elements.	 Mineral analysis showed that the oscasp1 mutants accumulated higher Ca, but less Mn, Zn, Fe, Cd and As in the shoots compared with the wild type
OsZIP9	ZN	ZINC TRANSPORTER5 and ZINC TRANSPORTER9 function synergistically in zinc/cadmium uptake.	 In this study, we functionally characterized two Zn transporter genes in rice (Oryza sativa), ZINC TRANSPORTER5 (OsZIP5) and ZINC TRANSPORTER9 (OsZIP9), which are tandem duplicates and act synergistically in Zn/Cd uptake
OsZIP9	ZN	ZINC TRANSPORTER5 and ZINC TRANSPORTER9 function synergistically in zinc/cadmium uptake.	 The expression profiles of OsZIP5 and OsZIP9 overlap in the root epidermis and respond to the local Zn status in the root
OsZIP9	ZN	ZINC TRANSPORTER5 and ZINC TRANSPORTER9 function synergistically in zinc/cadmium uptake.	 However, OsZIP9 is also regulated by systemic signals of Zn status from the shoot
OsZIP5	ZN	ZINC TRANSPORTER5 and ZINC TRANSPORTER9 function synergistically in zinc/cadmium uptake.	 In this study, we functionally characterized two Zn transporter genes in rice (Oryza sativa), ZINC TRANSPORTER5 (OsZIP5) and ZINC TRANSPORTER9 (OsZIP9), which are tandem duplicates and act synergistically in Zn/Cd uptake
OsZIP5	ZN	ZINC TRANSPORTER5 and ZINC TRANSPORTER9 function synergistically in zinc/cadmium uptake.	 The expression profiles of OsZIP5 and OsZIP9 overlap in the root epidermis and respond to the local Zn status in the root
OsZIP9	ZN	The ZIP transporter family member OsZIP9 contributes to root Zn uptake in rice under Zn-limited conditions.	The ZIP transporter family member OsZIP9 contributes to root Zn uptake in rice under Zn-limited conditions.
OsZIP9	ZN	The ZIP transporter family member OsZIP9 contributes to root Zn uptake in rice under Zn-limited conditions.	 Here, we found that OsZIP9, a member of ZIP (ZRT, IRT-like protein) family, is involved in Zn uptake in rice under Zn-limited conditions
OsZIP9	ZN	The ZIP transporter family member OsZIP9 contributes to root Zn uptake in rice under Zn-limited conditions.	 OsZIP9 was mainly localized to the plasma membrane and showed transport activity for Zn in yeast
OsZIP9	ZN	The ZIP transporter family member OsZIP9 contributes to root Zn uptake in rice under Zn-limited conditions.	 For plants grown in a hydroponic solution with low Zn concentration, knockout of OsZIP9 significantly reduced plant growth, which was accompanied by decreased Zn concentrations in both the root and shoot
OsZIP9	ZN	The ZIP transporter family member OsZIP9 contributes to root Zn uptake in rice under Zn-limited conditions.	 Combined, these results indicate that OsZIP9 localized at the root exodermis and endodermis functions as an influx transporter of Zn and contributes to Zn uptake under Zn-limited conditions in rice
OsZIP9	ZN	A high activity zinc transporter OsZIP9 mediates zinc uptake in rice.	 Here, we report that a member of ZIP (ZRT, IRT-like protein) family, OsZIP9, functions in Zn uptake in rice
OsZIP9	ZN	A high activity zinc transporter OsZIP9 mediates zinc uptake in rice.	 Yeast-expressed OsZIP9 showed much higher Zn influx transport activity than other rice ZIP proteins in a wide range of Zn concentrations
OsZIP9	ZN	A high activity zinc transporter OsZIP9 mediates zinc uptake in rice.	 OsZIP9 knockout rice plants showed a significant reduction in growth at low Zn concentration, but could be rescued by high Zn supply
OsZIP9	ZN	A high activity zinc transporter OsZIP9 mediates zinc uptake in rice.	 Natural variation of OsZIP9 expression level is highly associated with Zn content in milled grain among rice varieties in the germplasm collection
OsZIP9	ZN	A high activity zinc transporter OsZIP9 mediates zinc uptake in rice.	 Taken together, these results show that OsZIP9 is an important influx transporter responsible for uptake of Zn and Co from external media into root cells
OsbZIP50|OsbZIP74	ZN	Rice F-bZIP transcription factors regulate the zinc deficiency response 	 Ectopic expression of OsbZIP50 in Arabidopsis significantly increases plant zinc accumulation under control zinc supply, suggesting an altered Zn sensing in OsbZIP50
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 Here we describe a Tos17 loss-of-function line for the Zn plasma membrane transporter OsZIP7 (oszip7)
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 We showed that the absence of functional OsZIP7 leads to deregulated Zn partitioning, increasing Zn accumulation in roots but decreasing in shoots and seeds
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 We also demonstrated that, upon Zn deficiency, oszip7 plants slightly increase their photosynthetic performance, suggesting that these plants might be primed for Zn deficiency which makes them more tolerant
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 On the other hand, we found that Zn excess is more deleterious to oszip7 plants compared to wild type, which may be linked to secondary effects in concentrations of other elements such as Fe
OsZIP7a|OsZIP7	ZN	Physiological responses of rice ( Oryza sativa L.) oszip7 loss-of-function plants exposed to varying Zn concentrations 	 Our data suggest that OsZIP7 is important for Zn homeostasis under physiological Zn concentrations, and that Fe homeostasis might be affected due to loss of function of OsZIP7
OsMTI2B|OsMT2c	ZN	Two metallothionein genes highly expressed in rice nodes are involved in distribution of Zn to the grain	 Knockout of either OsMT2b or OsMT2c increased zinc (Zn) accumulation in the nodes, but decreased Zn distribution to the panicle, resulting in decreased grain yield
OsMTI2B|OsMT2c	ZN	Two metallothionein genes highly expressed in rice nodes are involved in distribution of Zn to the grain	 Both OsMT2b and OsMT2c showed binding ability with Zn, whereas only OsMT2b showed binding ability with Cu in yeast
OsMTI2B|OsMT2c	ZN	Two metallothionein genes highly expressed in rice nodes are involved in distribution of Zn to the grain	 Our results suggest that both OsMT2b and OsMT2c play an important role mainly in the distribution of Zn to grain through chelation and subsequent transport of Zn in the phloem in rice
OsZIP4	ZN	A transporter for delivering zinc to the developing tiller bud and panicle in rice	 The expression of OsZIP4 was highly detected in TB and nodes, and was induced by Zn deficiency
OsZIP4	ZN	A transporter for delivering zinc to the developing tiller bud and panicle in rice	 Mutation of OsZIP4 did not affect the total Zn uptake, but altered Zn distribution; less Zn was delivered to TB and new leaf, but more Zn was retained in the basal stems at the vegetative growth stage
OsZIP4	ZN	A transporter for delivering zinc to the developing tiller bud and panicle in rice	 At the reproductive stage, mutation of OsZIP4 resulted in delayed panicles development, which is associated with decreased Zn distribution to the panicles
OsZIP4	ZN	A transporter for delivering zinc to the developing tiller bud and panicle in rice	 Collectively, OsZIP4 is involved in transporting Zn to the phloem of DVBs in the nodes for subsequent distribution to TBs and other developing tissues
