GLUP6|GEF	OsSPK1	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.
OsRac1	OsSPK1	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.
OsRac1	OsSPK1	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	 Here, we identified OsSPK1, a DOCK family guanine nucleotide exchange factor, as an interactor of Pit and activator for OsRac1
OsRac1	OsSPK1	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	 OsSPK1 contributes to signaling by two disease-resistance genes, Pit and Pia, against the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae and facilitates OsRac1 activation in vitro and in vivo
OsRac1	OsSPK1	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	 The CC domain of Pit is required for its binding to OsSPK1, OsRac1 activation, and the induction of cell death
OsSPK1	Pit	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.
OsSPK1	Pit	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	 Here, we identified OsSPK1, a DOCK family guanine nucleotide exchange factor, as an interactor of Pit and activator for OsRac1
OsSPK1	Pit	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	 OsSPK1 contributes to signaling by two disease-resistance genes, Pit and Pia, against the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae and facilitates OsRac1 activation in vitro and in vivo
OsSPK1	Pit	Resistance protein Pit interacts with the GEF OsSPK1 to activate OsRac1 and trigger rice immunity.	 The CC domain of Pit is required for its binding to OsSPK1, OsRac1 activation, and the induction of cell death
