DPE1	Pho1	Rice endosperm starch phosphorylase (Pho1) assembles with disproportionating enzyme (Dpe1) to form a protein complex that enhances synthesis of malto-oligosaccharides.	Rice endosperm starch phosphorylase (Pho1) assembles with disproportionating enzyme (Dpe1) to form a protein complex that enhances synthesis of malto-oligosaccharides.
OsPHO1;2	Pho1	Node-localized transporters of phosphorus essential for seed development in rice.	 Here, we found that two members (OsPHO1;1 and OsPHO1;2) belonging to PHO1 gene family, are involved in the distribution of P to the seeds in rice
OsPHO1;1	Pho1	Node-localized transporters of phosphorus essential for seed development in rice.	 Here, we found that two members (OsPHO1;1 and OsPHO1;2) belonging to PHO1 gene family, are involved in the distribution of P to the seeds in rice
DPE1	Pho1	Pho1 cooperates with DPE1 to control short maltooligosaccharide mobilization during starch synthesis initiation in rice endosperm.	Pho1 cooperates with DPE1 to control short maltooligosaccharide mobilization during starch synthesis initiation in rice endosperm.
DPE1	Pho1	Pho1 cooperates with DPE1 to control short maltooligosaccharide mobilization during starch synthesis initiation in rice endosperm.	 By mutant analyses and biochemical investigations, we present here functional identifications of plastidial α-glucan phosphorylase (Pho1) and disproportionating enzyme (DPE1) during starch synthesis initiation in rice (Oryza sativa) endosperm
DPE1	Pho1	Pho1 cooperates with DPE1 to control short maltooligosaccharide mobilization during starch synthesis initiation in rice endosperm.	 Overexpression of DPE1 in pho1 resulted in plump seeds only
DPE1	Pho1	Pho1 cooperates with DPE1 to control short maltooligosaccharide mobilization during starch synthesis initiation in rice endosperm.	 Knockout of DPE1 in pho1 completely blocked MOS mobilization, resulting in severely and excessively Shr seeds only
DPE1	Pho1	Pho1 cooperates with DPE1 to control short maltooligosaccharide mobilization during starch synthesis initiation in rice endosperm.	 These findings show that Pho1 cooperates with DPE1 to control short MOS mobilization during starch synthesis initiation in rice endosperm
